salute
Oh, can you calm down about what happened last night?
I haven't worried about this for a long time
But you hurt me so much at once
Are you afraid that Linger will be jealous?
jealous
What's that?
He and I are not officially boyfriend and girlfriend yet.
So what do I have a chance of?
I mean you told me so much
I don't know what to give
Why don't I treat you to dinner?
Song Xiaoya's favorability has risen by 60.
Currently 60, okay, then I'm not welcome.
How was it?
Son of Heaven, I didn't expect you to be a hidden hero
Sure enough, people refuse to look good
What do I think?
Are you hurting me? No, no, no.
It's really you?
I look like
Why are you here?
Gao Sheng and Gao Shao held a class reunion here
Why don't you know?
What happened to Gao Sheng?
A man who pursued me madly
It would be bad if he saw it
Mr. Chen, hurry up and leave
Xiaoya